[DOCS]continue_language_review-transitionguide (#11148)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/OV_Runtime_UG/migration_ov_2_0/deployment_migration.md

# Installation & Deployment {#openvino_2_0_deployment}

"Easy to use" is one of the main concepts for OpenVINO™ API 2.0. It is about simplifying migration from different frameworks to OpenVINO, but also touches on how OpenVINO is organized, how its development tools are used, and how OpenVINO-based applications are developed and deployed.

To accomplish that, we made some changes to the installation and deployment processes of OpenVINO in the 2022.1 release. This guide will walk you through them.

## The Installer Package Contains OpenVINO™ Runtime Only

> Starting from OpenVINO 2022.1, Model Optimizer, Post-Training Optimization tool, and Python-based Development tools, such as those of Open Model Zoo, are distributed via [PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/openvino-dev/) only, and are no longer included in the OpenVINO installer package. This change has several benefits, as it:

Reviewer: Can we revert it back? The first three commas should not be added, and the last one is not necessary.

> Starting from OpenVINO 2022.1, Model Optimizer, Post-Training Optimization tool, and Python-based Development tools, such as those of Open Model Zoo, are distributed via [PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/openvino-dev/) only, and are no longer included in the OpenVINO installer package. This change has several benefits, as it:

Author: ```suggestion
Starting from OpenVINO 2022.1, development tools are distributed via [PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/openvino-dev/) only and are no longer included in the OpenVINO installer package. For a list of these components, refer to the [installation overview](../../../install_guides/installing-openvino-overview.md). This approach has several benefits:
```

> * simplifies the user experience - in previous versions, installation and usage of OpenVINO Development Tools differed from one distribution type to another (the OpenVINO installer vs. PyPI), 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* simplifies the user experience. In previous versions, installation and usage of OpenVINO Development Tools differ according to the distribution type (OpenVINO installer or PyPI), 
```

* ensures that dependencies are handled properly via the PIP package manager and support virtual environments of development tools.

The structure of the OpenVINO 2022.1 installer package has been organized as follows:

- The `runtime` folder includes headers, libraries and CMake interfaces.

> - The `tools` folder contains [the compile tool](../../../tools/compile_tool/README.md), [deployment manager](../../OV_Runtime_UG/deployment/deployment-manager-tool.md), and a set of `requirements.txt` files with links to the corresponding versions of the `openvino-dev` package.

Reviewer: A comma should not be added before "and <the last item>" when we describe a series of items.

Author: When there are 3 or more items to the list, we should totally use a comma before the final "and" :) Oxford comma FTW! ;)

- The `python` folder contains the Python version for OpenVINO Runtime.

## Installing OpenVINO Development Tools via PyPI

Since OpenVINO Development Tools is no longer in the installer package, the installation process has also changed. This section describes it through a comparison with previous versions.

### For Versions Prior to 2022.1

> In previous versions, OpenVINO Development Tools was a part of the main package. After the package was installed, to convert models (for example, TensorFlow), you needed to install additional dependencies by using the requirement files, such as `requirements_tf.txt`, install Post-Training Optimization tool and Accuracy Checker tool via the `setup.py` scripts, and then use the `setupvars` scripts to make the tools available to the following command:

Reviewer: "Previous versions" is used to describe actual products that still exist now, not a past time period. We should use present tense.

### Native Interfaces

> To build applications without the CMake interface, you can also use MSVC IDE, UNIX makefiles, and any other interface, which has been changed as shown here:

Reviewer: ### 
```suggestion
To build applications without the CMake interface, you can also use MSVC IDE, UNIX makefiles and any other interface, which has been changed as shown here:
```

Author: same as above

> **With previous versions' Inference Engine**:

Reviewer: I don't see the point of change here...

Author: Yep, nothing concrete there... Just thought it sounded better this way. I won't argue here if someone thinks it doesn't. But I would probably consider "the" in the original then.

> **With previous versions' Inference Engine**:

Author: ```suggestion
**With Inference Engine of the previous versions**:
```

> **With previous versions' Inference Engine**:

Author: ```suggestion
**With Inference Engine of the previous versions**:
```

> **With Inference Engine of the previous versions**:

Author: ```suggestion
**With Inference Engine of previous versions**:
```

## Clearer Library Structure for Deployment

> OpenVINO 2022.1 introduced a reorganization of the libraries, to make deployment easier. In the previous versions, to perform deployment steps, you had to use several libraries. Now you can just use `openvino` or `openvino_c` based on your developing language, together with the necessary plugins to complete your task. For example, `openvino_intel_cpu_plugin` and `openvino_ir_frontend` plugins will enable you to load OpenVINO IRs and perform inference on the CPU device (see [Local distribution with OpenVINO](../deployment/local-distribution.md) for more details).

Reviewer: ### 
```suggestion
OpenVINO 2022.1 has introduced a reorganization of the libraries to make deployment easier. In previous versions, to perform deployment steps, you have to use several libraries. With OpenVINO 2022.1, you can just use `openvino` or `openvino_c` based on your developing language, together with the necessary plugins to complete your task. For example, `openvino_intel_cpu_plugin` and `openvino_ir_frontend` plugins will enable you to load OpenVINO IRs and perform inference on the CPU device (see [Local distribution with OpenVINO](../deployment/local-distribution.md) for more details).
```

Author: same as above

Here you can find detailed comparisons on the library structure between OpenVINO 2022.1 and the previous versions:

> * A single core library with all the functionalities (`openvino` for C++ Runtime, `openvino_c` for Inference Engine API C interface) is used in 2022.1, instead of the previous core libraries which contained `inference_engine`, `ngraph`, `inference_engine_transformations` and `inference_engine_lp_transformations`.

Reviewer: ### 
```suggestion
* A single core library with all the functionalities (`openvino` for C++ Runtime, `openvino_c` for Inference Engine API C interface) is used in 2022.1, instead of the previous core libraries which contain `inference_engine`, `ngraph`, `inference_engine_transformations` and `inference_engine_lp_transformations`.
```

Author: ditto
